This is a Project where we will be creating <b>ELB</b> (Elastic Load Balancer) and <b>ASG</b> (Auto Scaling Group) and see how both of them can be used together for providing <b>High Availability</b>.  

Short Explainations on <u><b>AWS ELB</b></u> :  
    <ul>   
      <li>Elastic Load Balancer or AWS ELB is a "fully managed" <b>Load Balancing</b> service provided by AWS.</li>  
      <li>It helps distribute incoming application traffic across <b>multiple EC2 instances</b> in a <i>Target Group</i> to ensure optimal utilization and availability of resources.</li>  
      <li>ELB plays a crucial role in <i>improving</i> <b>application performance</b>, <b>fault tolerance</b>, and <b>facilitating seamless scaling</b>.</li>  
    </ul>  

Short Explaination on <b>AWS ASG</b> : 
  <ul>
    <li>AWS ASG or Auto Scaling Group is a service provided by AWS that enables the <b>automatic scaling</b> of compute resources based on <i>application demand</i></li>  
    <li>With ASG, you can <b>ensure</b> that your application always has the right number of <i>Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud instances</i> available to handle incoming traffic.</li>  
    <li>Elasticity allows us to <b>scale our infrastructure up</b> during <i>high-traffic periods</i> and scale it down during periods of reduced demand, optimizing costs and performance.</li>
  </ul>  

  <h3>Steps to build a highly available web application with AWS Auto Scaling Group (ASG) and Elastic Load Balancer (ELB)</h3>  
  <ol>
    <li>Create two <b>EC2 isntances.</b> </li>  
    <li>Create an <b>Application Load Balancer</b> (ALB) </li>  
    <li>Create an <i>AWS Auto Scaling Group</i> (ASG) and <b>Configure Scaling Policies.</b></li>  
    <li>Create an <i>Auto Scaling</i> <b>Launch Template</b></li>  
    <li>Test and Monitor the Infrastructure.</li>
  </ol>

<h3>Working with <b>Application Load Balancers</b> :</h3>  
Step_1) Open EC2 instance and then go to Elastic Load Balancer Section. Then click on "Load Balancers".  
(https://github.com/Faysal-Ezaz/Project_AWS/assets/95119493/ed20f702-0ce6-45a5-955f-84bb150cdfe8)  

